# sqlalchemy-challenge
I began the assignment by looking through the csv files and got an understanding into what data I was working with. It appears as through it is weather station data in Hawaii and the readings from what they discovered for each station.
I ensured that the date column was in datetime format, so I didn't have to do any different conversion for that before querying the last 12 months data. However, I did set the date column as the index for the database as well as onverting the date's data from string data into a datetime object. Also, since I needed to represent a duration, I had to use timedelta from the datetime library, I had to import it first though.
I also added a header to the line graph.
I split up the cell for the line graph, so that it would be easier to test for changes that I was making.
I ran into an issue with the line graph including the date range of 2016-08-23 to 2017-07-10. The range of dates that is on my graph is 2016-08-24 to 2017-07-11. I was still able to query all data just fine, however, the summary statistics table is off slightly from the example, just based on my date being off one day. I tried everything to get the date to reflect exactly how it shows in the example graph, but I ended up messing everything up, so I am just leaving the data like that. Hopefully, it should still show a strong understanding of cleaning the data, compiling it, manipulating the data for the purposes I need and also how to present the data.
After collecting all of the data I set out to make the app. I added plenty of debug info and annotated almost every step.
I have spents hours and hours on debugging the app, but have run out of time to finish. I am going to turn in what I have now buyt have every intention of finishin at a later date.
The Flask.py file is my current app file, the app.py file is not going to be the final .py file